and talks Rooney Walcott in code
old city in the Premier League you
better believe in three games left and
the Tigers are in an automatic promotion
spot
back in the league at last were with the
older shots on a very special day
and a warm welcome today to Martin Keown
and Mark Lawrenson the race for the
Premier League title is still on after
chelsea won at Everton on Thursday night
Chelsea and now just two points off the
top known at Manchester United must
still come to snap a bridge next
Saturday
this afternoon United play their game in
hand a tricky trip to Blackburn or mark
bright has been speaking to Rio
Ferdinand who agreed a new five-year
deal this week and Ferdinand believes
today's game is crucial but that events
last weekend may ultimately beside the
title to be an Avatara Challenger this
period of the season is a significant
result I thinking the last company is
they've picked us back every time we've
got a head especially at the Emirates
Stadium and Nick Nick draws whereas nice
for us to come back this time and so so
Nick the win so to speak and to do it
the way we did was was fantastic and I
think the emotions after it spilled out
onto that pitch but it puts us in a good
position now that we need to win our
remaining a couple of games if we do
that then we'll be crowned champions
there's a big 48 hours you officer bits
in Arsenal and Chelsea being paid back
by by Wigan does that decide to the
title
nothing has been handed out yes I know
but this is the business end of the
season and you've got to get results
we've done that against Arsenal at the
weekend and we've got to do it again
against Blackburn we were a very
talented side I've got a good manager a
great work ethic has some quality in
their team so if we're not on on the
ball in that game anyone get the result
we want and we're back to square one
again
this week Rio and Edwin van der Sar were
busy showing off the cabinet's where
they hope the Premier League joint we
would continue to sit it was part of a
new scheme where primary school children
visit Old Trafford to help inspire them
and encourage their studies comes this
team rank and all the team who played it
potentially the best definitely I mean
when I first come to United the likes of
working yeah David Beckham players all
of that but the managers kind of built a
new team since then and we've got some
very talented players but I think the
biggest difference is that strength in
depth the plastic come in to the first
team you don't really see much of a
change when the players are changed for
instance Park didn't play for ages and
you came in nothing in the last 18 games
that he's played with won every game say
we're done fetcher got and played her a
part in a season for a long long period
and then he comes in and he's like a man
possessed you come as a training ground
you see the work ethic of the players
and this players in a good hour and a
half before training starts doing their
own personal programs in the gym and to
make sure that we give us off the best
opportunity to do well and the success
you see on the pitch just doesn't come
luck or just through being given that
god-given talent of being a good
footballer we don't want to slack off or
become second-best who were champions
last year and we want to repeat that
issue off berry top strap you've got the
small matter of a semi-final against
Barcelona in the Champions League your
favourites to go through this time
surely they'll form you're in yeah we're
good fun but nothing's are given I think
cups is totally different certainly for
matches on the day if you're good enough
on the day and you play well and you
play to your capabilities in you should
go through that element a lot
have you signed you know deal
no is it all done well sure you happy
yeah happy always they decided it so
when it's whenever fingers older yeah
the I's are dotted and the t's across
when it's all finished and it'll be done
in dusted but at some point before the
end of the season which we finished
appealing your agent said that you could
do a palem aldini and play 239 and if he
feels the club feel the same way to play
that many years at a football club is
just it's once in a in a blue moon you
see that but to be able to play to a 39
place like Maine United in a league like
the Premier League I think is some ask
and both said it won't be for the want
to try and almost a I want to be here
for as long as possible as long as they
love me and so they kick me out
obviously gay Neville's been out the
long period you've been captain he's
come back just at the right time he's
not gonna steal your thunder is he
lifting all the trophies well if he's
lifting the trophy that means I'm
winning medal so I don't care he can do
that um being captain is a fantastic
honor and there's no quite a person on
the planet when I'd be walk out leading
the team but it's not the be-all and
end-all for me and it's not gonna break
me if I'm not the main aye captain or
the England captain I just want to be
part of a successful team and if I can
be that part of a successful scene where
is a captain or not don't know but I'll
be a very happy man
you only finished football what what are
you gonna do you've got a few business
interests hopefully I'll be sitting down
and show my grandchildren medals fingers
for us as many medals as I can can get
and that'd be the best thing to be on
the show business-wise I don't really I
don't know I don't we think that for
head I'd like to go into management
maybe coaching as I'm getting older I'm
starting to think along them lines but
hopefully after signing this contract on
I've got a few more years so start
worrying about that yet
yeah just do what he says there as he
called it takes Laurie you reckon
further to become a successful manager
who knows who knows there's anything
that you see at the minute that might
point in the fact that he's good in the
dugout no no but you guys it's
impossible to say I mean you know and
it's like I think I'll still now though
I can imagine when he's complete gonna
be a manager you know how many years in
front of him that aids and who's to say
who's to say what football I'd be like
then anyway but I get asked those
questions yeah as a young player but the
way that he's matured and Rios good to
be around he's very good in the dressing
room yeah the way that he's developed I
mean at the start he wasn't really an
instinctive defender what I recorded
very good technically